The BeachLitter Dataset Ver.2022.

Citation--------------------------------------
If you use this dataset in your research, please cite this publication:
Daisuke Sugiyama, Mitsuko Hidaka, Daisuke Matsuoka, Koshiro Murakami, ShinÅfichiro Kako, The BeachLitter Dataset for Image Segmentation of Beach Litter, Data in Brief (2022).

Disclaimer------------------------------------
Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology (JAMSTEC) will disclose and provide these 
data sets for machine leaning (the "Data Sets") under the following conditions:
 
1. JAMSTEC'sÅ@intention of disclosure and provision of the Data Sets is to allow the Researchers 
to use the Data Sets for the purpose of their machine learning research. Researchers shall use the 
Data Sets only for non-profit and non-commercial research purposes.
2. JAMSTEC makes no representations or warranties regarding the Data Sets, including but not limited 
to, completeness, safety, accuracy of the Data Sets, its fitness for a particular purpose, 
non-infringement of intellectual property rights of any third parties including copyright law 
in related countries regarding the distribution and use of works including images used or 
included in the Data Sets.
3. When necessary in the countries where the Researchers will use or distribute the Data Sets 
or any outcome from Researchers' use of the Data Sets, Researchers shall, at their own responsibility, 
obtain and secure the appropriate legal rights including intellectual property rights for use of the 
raw images, other works, materials and information and shall comply with all relevant laws and regulations, 
in such countries.  Researchers shall defend and indemnify JAMSTEC against from any claims which may arise 
from the Researchers' use of the Data Sets and any outcome obtained by the Researchers of such use.
4. The Data Sets are created by JAMSTEC in Japan and, therefore, Japanese laws shall apply to and govern 
the disclosure and provision of Data Sets and said conditions specified hereunder as well as any disputes 
therefrom.

Acknowledgments-------------------------------
We are grateful to the Shonai General Branch Office in Yamagata Prefecture for providing the beach litter images.
We received valuable support from the Non-Profit Organization Partnership Office for communicating with the Yamagata Prefecture government office.
Funding: This work was supported by the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology.
